Hexstring tcb (#7078)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [6.0.8]

> - Add support for hexstring tcb versions, which is now the default format throughout CCF. (#7078)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add governance action that supports specifying minimum TCB versions in hexstring format. This is intended to be the default format going forward. (#7078)
```
